Roguelike Sokoban v0.8
by Jeremy Nation <jeremy@jeremynation.me>
-----------------------------------------

*** Description ***

Roguelike Sokoban is an ASCII-based Sokoban game that has a look and feel
inspired by the roguelike genre. New maps with custom symbols can easily be
created using a regular text editor. 

*** Running Roguelike Sokoban ***

Roguelike Sokoban is written in Python and uses the curses library for its
display. Many popular Linux distributions come with Python by default, and
curses is included by default in the Python standard library for Linux. So if
you are using Linux and Python is already installed, just execute

rlsokoban.py

from the main game directory to use the default maps. To use your own map file,
use the -L option followed by the name of your map file. Use either a --help or
-h option by itself to see command-line help.

Unfortunately, Python does not come with Windows by default, nor is curses
included in the Python standard library for Windows. So, if you are a Windows
user, you will need to work through a few things to get the game running. I am
even less certain about running this on a Mac. If anyone has any success with
running Roguelike Sokoban on either Windows or Mac, please let me know.

*** Writing your own levels ***

It is easy to create your own maps to use with Roguelike Sokoban using a
regular text editor. You simply type out the starting condition of the level,
and the game brings the level to life. The included levels.dat file (in the
levels subdirectory) is heavily documented and provides examples. More examples
can be found in the src/test subdirectory.

*** License ***

Roguelike Sokoban and all included files are copyright 2010, Jeremy Nation, and
licensed under the GNU General Public License v3, included in this release as
COPYING.

*** Known Issues ***

See current and past issues and report new ones online at the Roguelike Sokoban
issue tracker on GitHub:

http://github.com/jeremyn/Roguelike-Sokoban/issues